It's Tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time It's Tricky, it's Tricky (Tricky) Tricky (Tricky).
We can dance if we want to, we can leave your friends behind.
Say it ain't so, I will not go Turn the lights off, carry me home.
Somebody once told me the world was gonna roll me.
Do you remember when we used to sing Sha la la la la la la la la la la dee dah.
I chime in with a Haven't you ever heard of closing a goddamn door?
On a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hair, warm smell of colitas rising up through the air.
When I wake up yeah I know I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be the man who wakes up next to you.
It's the remix to ignition Hot and fresh out the kitchen.
I get knocked down, but I get up again.
I fell into a burning ring of fire. i went down down down and the flames went higher.
So hard to find my way, now that I'm all on my own.
At first I was afraid, I was petrified.
Getting born in the state of Mississippi, her papa was a copper, and her mama was a hippy.
Just a small town girl, living in a lonely world.
Hello darkness my old friend.
Now the only thing a gambler needs, is a suitcase and trunk, and the only time he's satisfied is when he's on a drunk.
Coming out of my cage And I've been doing just fine.
I walk a lonely road, the only one that I have ever known.
Mmmbop, ba duba dop Ba du bop, ba duba dop Ba du bop, ba duba dop Ba du, yeah.
You shake my nerves and you rattle my brain.
Blackbird singing in the dead of night. Take these broken wings and learn to fly.
And it seems to me you lived your life Like a candle in the wind Never knowing who to cling to When the rain set in.
It's the eye of the tiger, it's the dream of the fight.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
We are the champions, my friends And we'll keep on fighting 'til the end.
It's a long way to the top, if you wanna rock n roll.
Look, if you had, one shot, or one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment, would you capture it, or just let it slip?
All lies and jest, still, a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest.
All of us get lost in the darkness, dreamers learn to steer by the stars.
An honest man's pillow is his peace of mind.
And in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.
I see a bad moon rising. I see trouble on the way. I see earthquakes and lightning. I see bad times today.
Before you accuse me take a look at yourself.
Don't ask me what I think of you, I might not give the answer that you want me to.
Don't you draw the Queen of Diamonds, boy, she'll beat you if she's able.
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end.
I saw her today at the reception. A glass of wine in her hand. I knew she was gonna meet her connection. At her feet was a footloose man.
I watched with glee while your kings and queens. Fought for ten decades for the gods they made.
Fathers be good to your daughters, daughters will love like you do. Girls become lovers, who turn into mothers, so mothers be good to your daughters, too.
Fear is the lock and laughter the key to your heart.
For what is a man, what has he got? If not himself, then he has naught.
Freedom, well, that's just some people talking. Your prison is walking through this world all alone.
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose. Nothing ain't nothing, but it's free.
Hero not the handsome actor who plays a hero's role. Hero not the glamour girl who'd love to sell her soul.
How many ears must one man have before he can hear people cry? Yes, and how many deaths will it take 'til he knows that too many people have died?
I can dig it, he can dig it, she can dig it, we can dig it, they can dig it, you can dig it, oh let's dig it. Can you dig it, baby?
I don't need no money, fortune, or fame. I got all the riches baby, one man can claim.
I got a lot to say, I got a lot to say, I got a lot to say. I can't remember now, I can't remember now, I can't remember now.
I understand about indecision, but I don't care if I get behind. People living in competition, all I want is to have my peace of mind.
I was born with a plastic spoon in my mouth.
I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now.
I'd rather be a hammer than a nail.
If we were blind and had no choice, would we hate each other by the tone of our voice?
If we weren't all crazy we would go insane.
If you believe in forever, then life is just a one night stand. If there's a rock and roll heaven, well, you know they got a hell of a band.
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.
It ain't me, it ain't me, I ain't no Senator's son, son. It ain't me, it ain't me, I ain't no fortunate one.
It's been a hard day's night.
It's better to burn out, than to fade away.
It's the end of the world as we know it and I feel fine.
Just slip out the back, Jack, make a new plan, Stan, you don't need to be coy, Roy, just get yourself free.
Hello darkness, my old friend, I've come to talk with you again, Because a vision softly creeping, Left its seeds while I was sleeping.
Love when you can, cry when you have to, be who you must, that's a part of the plan.
No matter what you do, you'll never run away from you.
Nobody wants him, he just stares at the world. Planning his vengeance, that he will soon unfold.
Ob-la-di, Ob-la-da, life goes on.
One victim lives in tragedy, another victim stops to stare, and still another walks on by pretending not to see.
Rather die on our feet, than keep living on our knees.
Same old song, just a drop of water in an endless sea. All we do, crumbles to the ground though we refuse to see, dust in the wind, all we are is dust in the wind.
Send me dead flowers to my wedding and I won't forget to put roses on your grave. 
So often in time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key.
So tonight you better stop and rebuild all your ruins, because peace and trust can win the day despite of all your losing.
Space ain't man's final frontier, man's final frontier is the soul.
Talk about your plenty, talk about your ills, one man gathers what another man spills.
The future is so bright that I have got to wear shades.
The words of the prophets are written on the subway walls.
Then one day you find, ten years have got behind you. No one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun.
There are places I remember all my life, though some have changed. Some forever, not for better, some have gone and some remain.
There's an opera out on the turnpike, there's a ballet being fought out in the alley.
Thinking is the best way to travel.
Time can bring you down, time can bend your knees.
We learned more from a three minute record than we ever learned in school.
We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl year after year.
What the world needs now is love, sweet love. It's the only thing that there is just too little of.
Where am I to go, now that I've gone too far?
You better start swimming or sink like a stone, cause the times they are a-changing.
You can't always get what you want, but if you try sometime you just might find, you get what you need.
You can't fight the tears that ain't coming, or the moment of truth in your lies. When everything seems like the movies, yeah, you bleed just to know you're alive.
You don't have to be old to be wise.
You don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows.
You got to know when to hold them, know when to fold them, know when to walk away, and know when to run.
You rise as high as your dominant aspiration, you descend to the level of your lowest concept of yourself. Free your mind and your ass will follow.
You would think with all the genius and the brilliance of these times, we might find a higher purpose and a better use of mind.
A 40. Oz to freedom is the only chance I have, to feel good even though I feel bad.
If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me?
Beautiful friend this is the end. My only friend, the end, It hurts to set you free but you'll never follow me.
So we hit the town like our parachutes failed.
Just because you feel it doesn't mean it's there.
Time can bring you down, time can bend your knees.
Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waiting for a train. I was feeling near as faded as my jeans.
I think it's time we stop, children, what's that sound. Everybody look what's going down.
Even the genius asks questions.
All of us get lost in the darkness, dreamers learn to steer by the stars.